Operators.md, before:

#Arithmetic Operators

``` An operator in python helps to perform operations on the variables or values, such as 
Addition, subtraction etc.

There are many kinds of operators, such as: 
Arithmetic operators
Assignment operators
Comparison operators

Addition Operators:

Operator	Name	Example	
+	Addition	x + y	
-	Subtraction	x - y	
*	Multiplication	x * y	
/	Division	x / y	
%	Modulus	        x % y	
**	Exponentiation	x ** y	
//	Floor division	x // y	


Description: 
 
Addition: Adds the 2 values  (2+3=5)
Subtraction: Subtracts the 2 values  (3-2=1)
Multiplication: Multiplies the 2 values (3*2=6)
Division: Divides the 2 values (4/2=2)
Modulus: Divides the 2 values and returns the remainder (5%2 = 2 remainder 1, returns 1)
Exponentiation: Exponents, the first number to the power of the 2nd (2 ** 3 = 2^3 = 8)
Floor division: Divides and round the number to the nearest whole number (15//2=7)``` 

#Assignment Operators

```Assignment values are just different ways to assign values to a variable, this may be a 
single value or an action like x = x + 1 

Operator	Example	Same As	
=	        x = 5	x = 5	
+=	        x += 3	x = x + 3	
-=	        x -= 3	x = x - 3	
*=	        x *= 3	x = x * 3	
/=	        x /= 3	x = x / 3	
%=	        x %= 3	x = x % 3	
//=	x //= 3	x = x // 3	
**=	x **= 3	x = x ** 3	
&=	x &= 3	x = x & 3	
|=	x |= 3	x = x | 3	
^=	x ^= 3	x = x ^ 3	
>>=	x >>= 3	x = x >> 3	
<<=	x <<= 3	x = x << 3

Commit message:

Dont with arithmetic operators, halfway through assignment

Operators.md, after:

#Arithmetic Operators

``` An operator in python helps to perform operations on the variables or values, such as 
Addition, subtraction etc.

There are many kinds of operators, such as: 
Arithmetic operators
Assignment operators
Comparison operators

Addition Operators:

Operator	Name	Example	
+	Addition	x + y	
-	Subtraction	x - y	
*	Multiplication	x * y	
/	Division	x / y	
%	Modulus	        x % y	
**	Exponentiation	x ** y	
//	Floor division	x // y	


Description: 
 
Addition: Adds the 2 values  (2+3=5)
Subtraction: Subtracts the 2 values  (3-2=1)
Multiplication: Multiplies the 2 values (3*2=6)
Division: Divides the 2 values (4/2=2)
Modulus: Divides the 2 values and returns the remainder (5%2 = 2 remainder 1, returns 1)
Exponentiation: Exponents, the first number to the power of the 2nd (2 ** 3 = 2^3 = 8)
Floor division: Divides and round the number to the nearest whole number (15//2=7)``` 

#Assignment Operators

```Assignment values are just different ways to assign values to a variable, this may be a 
single value or an action like x = x + 1 

Operator	Example	Same As	
=	        x = 5	x = 5	
+=	        x += 3	x = x + 3	
-=	        x -= 3	x = x - 3	
*=	        x *= 3	x = x * 3	
/=	        x /= 3	x = x / 3	
%=	        x %= 3	x = x % 3	
//=	        x //= 3	x = x // 3	
**=	        x **= 3	x = x ** 3	
&=	        x &= 3	x = x & 3	
|=	        x |= 3	x = x | 3	
^=	        x ^= 3	x = x ^ 3	
>>=	       x >>= 3	x = x >> 3	
<<=	       x <<= 3	x = x << 3	

Some additional operators are:

x & 3: Tells you if the value is odd or even (1 = odd 2 = even)
